content/_index.md, before:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ""
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: "6rem"

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ""
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/resume.pdf
    design:
      css_class: dark
      # Avatar customization
      avatar:
        size: medium  # Options: small (150px), medium (200px, default), large (320px), xl (400px), xxl (500px)
        shape: circle # Options: circle (default), square, rounded
      background:
        color: black
        image:
          # Add your image background to `assets/media/`.
          filename: stacked-peaks.svg
          filters:
            brightness: 1.0
          size: cover
          position: center
          parallax: false
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: '📚 My Research'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        Use this area to speak to your mission. I'm a research scientist in the Moonshot team at DeepMind. I blog about machine learning, deep learning, and moonshots.

        I apply a range of qualitative and quantitative methods to comprehensively investigate the role of science and technology in the economy.
        
        Please reach out to collaborate 😃
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ""
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
      filters:
        folders:
          - event
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 1
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: post
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ""
        category: ""
        tag: ""
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ""
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: date-title-summary
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-color-scheme="no-preference: light; light: light; dark: dark;" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder on GitHub">Star</a>

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!
        
        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: "bg-primary-700"
        css_style: ""
---

Commit message:

Added some details about us

content/_index.md, after:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ""
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: "6rem"

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ""
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/resume.pdf
    design:
      css_class: dark
      # Avatar customization
      avatar:
        size: medium  # Options: small (150px), medium (200px, default), large (320px), xl (400px), xxl (500px)
        shape: circle # Options: circle (default), square, rounded
      background:
        color: black
        image:
          # Add your image background to `assets/media/`.
          filename: stacked-peaks.svg
          filters:
            brightness: 1.0
          size: cover
          position: center
          parallax: false
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: '📚 Our Mission'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        At TactoRead, our mission is to harness the power of embedded systems and human-centered design to create accessible, impactful technologies for the real world.

        As research scientists with a strong academic foundation and a deep passion for innovation, we’re driven by a single question:
        How can technology better serve people, especially those often left out of mainstream solutions?

        We combine rigorous research with practical engineering to explore how tactile interfaces, intelligent systems, and assistive devices can reshape learning, communication, and inclusion. Our work is rooted in both qualitative insights and quantitative methods, enabling us to deeply understand the evolving role of science and technology in society.

        We're here to collaborate with researchers, developers, educators, and organizations, to build tools that matter.
        Let’s work together to turn visionary ideas into meaningful, tangible outcomes. 😃
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ""
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
      filters:
        folders:
          - event
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 1
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: post
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ""
        category: ""
        tag: ""
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ""
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: date-title-summary
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-color-scheme="no-preference: light; light: light; dark: dark;" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder on GitHub">Star</a>

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!
        
        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: "bg-primary-700"
        css_style: ""
---
